c:\users\raquel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Koan\Koan\bin\Debug\Data\People.xml
c:\users\raquel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Koan\Koan\bin\Debug\Data\Report.xml
c:\users\raquel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Koan\Koan\bin\Debug\Data\Samples.xml
c:\users\raquel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Koan\Koan\bin\Debug\Koan.exe.config
c:\users\raquel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Koan\Koan\bin\Debug\Koan.exe.manifest
c:\users\raquel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Koan\Koan\bin\Debug\Koan.application
c:\users\raquel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Koan\Koan\bin\Debug\Koan.exe
c:\users\raquel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Koan\Koan\bin\Debug\Koan.pdb
c:\users\raquel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Koan\Koan\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.dll
c:\users\raquel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Koan\Koan\bin\Debug\Selen.Wpf.Core.dll
c:\users\raquel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Koan\Koan\bin\Debug\Selen.Wpf.SystemStyles.dll
c:\users\raquel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Koan\Koan\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
c:\users\raquel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Koan\Koan\bin\Debug\ZedGraph.dll
c:\users\raquel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Koan\Koan\bin\Debug\Selen.Wpf.Core.pdb
c:\users\raquel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Koan\Koan\bin\Debug\Selen.Wpf.SystemStyles.pdb
c:\users\raquel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Koan\Koan\obj\Debug\Koan.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\raquel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Koan\Koan\obj\Debug\ChartPanel.baml
c:\users\raquel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Koan\Koan\obj\Debug\SessionPanel.baml
c:\users\raquel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Koan\Koan\obj\Debug\UserLogin.baml
c:\users\raquel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Koan\Koan\obj\Debug\App.baml
c:\users\raquel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Koan\Koan\obj\Debug\ChartPanel.g.cs
c:\users\raquel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Koan\Koan\obj\Debug\DevicePanel.g.cs
c:\users\raquel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Koan\Koan\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\raquel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Koan\Koan\obj\Debug\ReportPanel.g.cs
c:\users\raquel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Koan\Koan\obj\Debug\SessionPanel.g.cs
c:\users\raquel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Koan\Koan\obj\Debug\UserLogin.g.cs
c:\users\raquel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Koan\Koan\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\raquel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Koan\Koan\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
c:\users\raquel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Koan\Koan\obj\Debug\Koan_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\raquel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Koan\Koan\obj\Debug\Koan_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\raquel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Koan\Koan\obj\Debug\DevicePanel.baml
c:\users\raquel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Koan\Koan\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\raquel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Koan\Koan\obj\Debug\ReportPanel.baml
c:\users\raquel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Koan\Koan\obj\Debug\Koan.g.resources
c:\users\raquel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Koan\Koan\obj\Debug\Koan.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\raquel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Koan\Koan\obj\Debug\Koan.CharPanel.resources
c:\users\raquel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Koan\Koan\obj\Debug\Koan.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\raquel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Koan\Koan\obj\Debug\Koan.TrustInfo.xml
c:\users\raquel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Koan\Koan\obj\Debug\Koan.exe.manifest
c:\users\raquel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Koan\Koan\obj\Debug\Koan.application
c:\users\raquel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Koan\Koan\obj\Debug\Koan.exe
c:\users\raquel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Koan\Koan\obj\Debug\Koan.pdb
F:\BioSCADA\Koan\VisualStudio\Koan\Koan\bin\Debug\Koan.exe.config
F:\BioSCADA\Koan\VisualStudio\Koan\Koan\obj\Debug\Koan.exe
F:\BioSCADA\Koan\VisualStudio\Koan\Koan\obj\Debug\Koan.pdb
F:\BioSCADA\Koan\VisualStudio\Koan\Koan\bin\Debug\Data\People.xml
F:\BioSCADA\Koan\VisualStudio\Koan\Koan\bin\Debug\Data\Report.xml
F:\BioSCADA\Koan\VisualStudio\Koan\Koan\bin\Debug\Data\Samples.xml
F:\BioSCADA\Koan\VisualStudio\Koan\Koan\bin\Debug\Koan.exe.manifest
F:\BioSCADA\Koan\VisualStudio\Koan\Koan\bin\Debug\Koan.application
F:\BioSCADA\Koan\VisualStudio\Koan\Koan\bin\Debug\Koan.exe
F:\BioSCADA\Koan\VisualStudio\Koan\Koan\bin\Debug\Koan.pdb
F:\BioSCADA\Koan\VisualStudio\Koan\Koan\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.dll
F:\BioSCADA\Koan\VisualStudio\Koan\Koan\bin\Debug\Selen.Wpf.Core.dll
F:\BioSCADA\Koan\VisualStudio\Koan\Koan\bin\Debug\Selen.Wpf.SystemStyles.dll
F:\BioSCADA\Koan\VisualStudio\Koan\Koan\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
F:\BioSCADA\Koan\VisualStudio\Koan\Koan\bin\Debug\ZedGraph.dll
F:\BioSCADA\Koan\VisualStudio\Koan\Koan\bin\Debug\Selen.Wpf.Core.pdb
F:\BioSCADA\Koan\VisualStudio\Koan\Koan\bin\Debug\Selen.Wpf.SystemStyles.pdb
F:\BioSCADA\Koan\VisualStudio\Koan\Koan\obj\Debug\Koan.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
F:\BioSCADA\Koan\VisualStudio\Koan\Koan\obj\Debug\ChartPanel.baml
F:\BioSCADA\Koan\VisualStudio\Koan\Koan\obj\Debug\SessionPanel.baml
F:\BioSCADA\Koan\VisualStudio\Koan\Koan\obj\Debug\UserLogin.baml
F:\BioSCADA\Koan\VisualStudio\Koan\Koan\obj\Debug\App.baml
F:\BioSCADA\Koan\VisualStudio\Koan\Koan\obj\Debug\ChartPanel.g.cs
F:\BioSCADA\Koan\VisualStudio\Koan\Koan\obj\Debug\DevicePanel.g.cs
F:\BioSCADA\Koan\VisualStudio\Koan\Koan\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
F:\BioSCADA\Koan\VisualStudio\Koan\Koan\obj\Debug\ReportPanel.g.cs
F:\BioSCADA\Koan\VisualStudio\Koan\Koan\obj\Debug\SessionPanel.g.cs
F:\BioSCADA\Koan\VisualStudio\Koan\Koan\obj\Debug\UserLogin.g.cs
F:\BioSCADA\Koan\VisualStudio\Koan\Koan\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
F:\BioSCADA\Koan\VisualStudio\Koan\Koan\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
F:\BioSCADA\Koan\VisualStudio\Koan\Koan\obj\Debug\Koan_MarkupCompile.cache
F:\BioSCADA\Koan\VisualStudio\Koan\Koan\obj\Debug\Koan_MarkupCompile.lref
F:\BioSCADA\Koan\VisualStudio\Koan\Koan\obj\Debug\DevicePanel.baml
F:\BioSCADA\Koan\VisualStudio\Koan\Koan\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
F:\BioSCADA\Koan\VisualStudio\Koan\Koan\obj\Debug\ReportPanel.baml
F:\BioSCADA\Koan\VisualStudio\Koan\Koan\obj\Debug\Koan.g.resources
F:\BioSCADA\Koan\VisualStudio\Koan\Koan\obj\Debug\Koan.Properties.Resources.resources
F:\BioSCADA\Koan\VisualStudio\Koan\Koan\obj\Debug\Koan.CharPanel.resources
F:\BioSCADA\Koan\VisualStudio\Koan\Koan\obj\Debug\Koan.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
F:\BioSCADA\Koan\VisualStudio\Koan\Koan\obj\Debug\Koan.TrustInfo.xml
F:\BioSCADA\Koan\VisualStudio\Koan\Koan\obj\Debug\Koan.exe.manifest
F:\BioSCADA\Koan\VisualStudio\Koan\Koan\obj\Debug\Koan.application
